Add release note for Http Probe (#766)
128technology/docs: docs/plugin_http_probe.md

## Release Notes

### Release 1.2.1

**Release Date:** Sep 10, 2024

#### Issues Fixed

> - **PLUGIN-2629** The command "show stats http-probe" is not working in the SSR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **PLUGIN-2629** The command `show stats http-probe` is not working in the SSR.
```

>   _**Resolution:**_ Replace incompatible parameter referred in stats data model with local leaf definition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  _**Resolution:**_ Replace incompatible parameter referenced in the stats data model with local leaf definition.
```
